com/example/teach_me/api/AulaService.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.AulaService
com/example/teach_me/view/ResultadosActivity.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ResultadosActivity
com/example/teach_me/controller/UsuarioController.java
 com.example.teach_me.controller.UsuarioController
com/example/teach_me/api/AnuncioService.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.AnuncioService
com/example/teach_me/view/Repositorio.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.Repositorio
com/example/teach_me/model/Anuncio.java
 com.example.teach_me.model.Anuncio
com/example/teach_me/controller/TipoController.java
 com.example.teach_me.controller.TipoController
com/example/teach_me/RetrofitClientInstance.java
 com.example.teach_me.RetrofitClientInstance
com/example/teach_me/model/Tipo.java
 com.example.teach_me.model.Tipo
com/example/teach_me/Repositorio.java
 com.example.teach_me.Repositorio
com/example/teach_me/api/TipoService.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.TipoService
com/example/teach_me/view/PerfilActivity.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.PerfilActivity
com/example/teach_me/datasource/AppDataBase.java
 com.example.teach_me.datasource.AppDataBase
com/example/teach_me/controller/DisciplinaController.java
 com.example.teach_me.controller.DisciplinaController
com/example/teach_me/view/NovoAnuncioActivity.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.NovoAnuncioActivity
 com.example.teach_me.view.NovoAnuncioActivity$1
 com.example.teach_me.view.NovoAnuncioActivity$2
com/example/teach_me/view/ui/pesquisa/PesquisaViewModel.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.pesquisa.PesquisaViewModel
com/example/teach_me/view/AulasAdapter.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.AulasAdapter
 com.example.teach_me.view.AulasAdapter$1
 com.example.teach_me.view.AulasAdapter$AulasHolder
com/example/teach_me/controller/AnuncioController.java
 com.example.teach_me.controller.AnuncioController
com/example/teach_me/view/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
com/example/teach_me/model/Instituicao.java
 com.example.teach_me.model.Instituicao
com/example/teach_me/view/ui/pesquisa/PesquisaFragment.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.pesquisa.PesquisaFragment
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.pesquisa.PesquisaFragment$1
com/example/teach_me/api/UsuarioData.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.UsuarioData
com/example/teach_me/api/TipoData.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.TipoData
com/example/teach_me/datamodel/InstituicaoDataModel.java
 com.example.teach_me.datamodel.InstituicaoDataModel
com/example/teach_me/datamodel/AulaDataModel.java
 com.example.teach_me.datamodel.AulaDataModel
com/example/teach_me/view/MainActivity.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.MainActivity
com/example/teach_me/view/RegistroActivity.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.RegistroActivity
 com.example.teach_me.view.RegistroActivity$1
 com.example.teach_me.view.RegistroActivity$2
com/example/teach_me/model/Aula.java
 com.example.teach_me.model.Aula
com/example/teach_me/model/Disciplina.java
 com.example.teach_me.model.Disciplina
com/example/teach_me/controller/ICRUD.java
 com.example.teach_me.controller.ICRUD
com/example/teach_me/api/DisciplinaService.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.DisciplinaService
com/example/teach_me/view/ImagemPerfilActivity.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ImagemPerfilActivity
 com.example.teach_me.view.ImagemPerfilActivity$1
com/example/teach_me/api/AppUltil.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.AppUltil
com/example/teach_me/view/ui/aulas/AulasFragment.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.aulas.AulasFragment
com/example/teach_me/view/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/teach_me/view/DestaquesAdapter.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.DestaquesAdapter
 com.example.teach_me.view.DestaquesAdapter$1
 com.example.teach_me.view.DestaquesAdapter$DestaquesHolder
com/example/teach_me/api/AulaData.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.AulaData
com/example/teach_me/controller/AulaController.java
 com.example.teach_me.controller.AulaController
com/example/teach_me/datamodel/TipoDataModel.java
 com.example.teach_me.datamodel.TipoDataModel
com/example/teach_me/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.teach_me.BuildConfig
com/example/teach_me/api/AnuncioData.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.AnuncioData
com/example/teach_me/datamodel/DisciplinaDataModel.java
 com.example.teach_me.datamodel.DisciplinaDataModel
com/example/teach_me/api/InstituicaoData.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.InstituicaoData
com/example/teach_me/view/ui/aulas/AulasViewModel.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.aulas.AulasViewModel
<<<<<<< Updated upstream
com/example/teach_me/view/ui/perfil/PerfilFragment.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.perfil.PerfilFragment
=======
com/example/teach_me/datamodel/UsuarioDataModel.java
 com.example.teach_me.datamodel.UsuarioDataModel
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
com/example/teach_me/api/UsuarioService.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.UsuarioService
com/example/teach_me/view/ui/perfil/PerfilViewModel.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.perfil.PerfilViewModel
com/example/teach_me/datamodel/AnuncioDataModel.java
 com.example.teach_me.datamodel.AnuncioDataModel
com/example/teach_me/view/ui/perfil/PerfilFragment.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.perfil.PerfilFragment
 com.example.teach_me.view.ui.perfil.PerfilFragment$1
com/example/teach_me/api/DisciplinaData.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.DisciplinaData
com/example/teach_me/model/Usuario.java
 com.example.teach_me.model.Usuario
com/example/teach_me/api/InstituicaoService.java
 com.example.teach_me.api.InstituicaoService
com/example/teach_me/controller/InstituicaoController.java
 com.example.teach_me.controller.InstituicaoController
com/example/teach_me/view/DatePickerFragment.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.DatePickerFragment
com/example/teach_me/view/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.LoginActivity
 com.example.teach_me.view.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.teach_me.view.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.teach_me.view.LoginActivity$3
com/example/teach_me/view/AvaliacaoAdapter.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.AvaliacaoAdapter
 com.example.teach_me.view.AvaliacaoAdapter$AvaliacaoHolder
com/example/teach_me/view/AnuncioActivity.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.AnuncioActivity
 com.example.teach_me.view.AnuncioActivity$1
 com.example.teach_me.view.AnuncioActivity$2
com/example/teach_me/view/ResultadosAdapter.java
 com.example.teach_me.view.ResultadosAdapter
 com.example.teach_me.view.ResultadosAdapter$1
 com.example.teach_me.view.ResultadosAdapter$ResultadosHolder
